2016 was AMAZING, but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM!
Will soon be heading to Wilmington, North Carolina, and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina. Look forward to seeing all of my friends!
Mike has my complete &amp; total endorsement. We need him badly in Washington. A great fighter pilot &amp; hero, &amp; a brilliant Annapolis grad, Mike will never let you down. Mail in ballots, &amp; check that they are counted!
I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way. Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration. It is all going to work out well!
Congressman Bill Johnson (@JohnsonLeads) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He’s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans, Supports Small Business, and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment....
We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work, and soon. More to come! #MAGA
A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent. We deployed 418 Doctors, Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC &amp; State. Have more bed capacity than was needed. Good!
America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19. Join me in thanking our Farmers, Ranchers, Processors, Distributors and Stores! @JohnBoozman
GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans. Promises Made, Promises Kept! #MAGA
We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus. Together, we will endure, we will prevail, and we will WIN! #CARESAct
I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock, in response to the CoronaVirus. Continue to check http://CDC.gov for updates, and follow all recommendations that are available....
America is the Greatest Country in the world. We have the best scientists, doctors, nurses and health care professionals. They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day....
Great job being done by the @ VP and the CoronaVirus Task Force. Thank you!
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the United States Supreme Court. Later today, I will sign his Commission of Appointment, and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando, Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM
America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you are the reason we never lose hope – because there are men &amp; women in uniform who face down evil &amp; stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh tomorrow!
My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95%, a Record. Thank you!
Just had a great call with the President of Brazil, @JairBolsonaro. We discussed many subjects including Trade. The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger!
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - 'I've always been a believer in second chances.' says Donald Trump
'Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact.' --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
'We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment.' --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
'Always know you could be on the precipice of something great.' --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes ‚Äì Donald Trump
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday! http://tinyurl.com/kn95ju
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
'Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation.' --Donald J. Trump http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the 'Think Like A Champion' signed book/keychain contest! http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
from Donald Trump: 'I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!'
Olympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing theatrical experience!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.