Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back, you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
A total Witch Hunt!
Why would @FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman @RepDebDingell. A total waste of airtime!
The “Justice” Department and the FBI have done nothing about the 2020 Presidential Election Voter Fraud, the biggest SCAM in our nation’s history, despite overwhelming evidence. They should be ashamed. History will remember. Never give up. See everyone in D.C. on January 6th.
Where the hell is the Durham Report? They spied on my campaign, colluded with Russia (and others), and got caught. Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &amp; McCabe. Even the Fake News @nytimes said “bad”. They tried it all, and failed, so now they are trying to steal the election!
The “Surrender Caucus” within the Republican Party will go down in infamy as weak and ineffective “guardians” of our Nation, who were willing to accept the certification of fraudulent presidential numbers!
To all of those who have asked, I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th.
he Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp; vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong, I know the subject well &amp; want victory for U.S.
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp; @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China!
The Fake News doesn’t show real polls. Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT, the Enemy of the People!
The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history. Treason!!! Lets see how it ends????
Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS!
'My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I‚Äôd rather build walls than cling to them' --Donald J. Trump
If only @ Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
@johnboehner Message for House GOP 'The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.' - The Art of the Deal.
@ Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq? What are u doing about this?http://bit.ly/olNqW5
ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit http://bit.ly/q2iYtw And @ Obama transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it!
@johnboehner Debt Ceiling- 'Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal.'
While @ BarackObama tries to push gun control http://bit.ly/p27G2K --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runnerhttp://bit.ly/pdtrOw
What is better advice- 'The Art of the Deal' or 'Rules for Radicals'? I know which one @ BarackObama prefers.
@ BarackObama You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt. T-E-Ahttp://on.wsj.com/onsY3b
@ BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd Amendment rights.
Every dollar @ BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
'China is our enemy--they want to destroy us' -- Redstate Interview
We could use the Balanced Budget Amendment--Politicians don't have the will to cut spending
'The Gang of Six' - yet another unmitigated disaster. ANY DEAL NEEDS TO PEAL OBAMACA. T-E-A.
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake.
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
